Gameplan

Idea:
MUSIC
Genre: Pop 
 	
Tools:
Chatgpt - Lyric Making
Prototype Prompt:
You are a master lyricist and are acclaimed for your lyric making skills. Make me some lyrics for a 1-2 minute comedy-pop song. We want to appeal to a younger adult female audience. Themes that should be explored is existential crisis and sleep paralysis demons "just chilling". Make sure that this would be considered appropriate to play in a school environment.

“JUST CHILLIN’”

[Verse 1 — AABB]
Woke up late, my life’s a mess,
Put on sweats and called it “dress.”
Got big dreams, a tiny plan,
Guess I’ll figure it out when I can.

[Pre-Chorus — ABCB]
Then the bedroom starts to blur,
Something’s sitting in the chair.
Can’t move an inch, but I’m not scared—
He just waves like, “Hey, girl, there.”

[Chorus — AABB / ABCB]
My sleep paralysis demon’s just chillin’,
No haunting, no screaming, no killing.
He’s kicking back like he owns the place,
With a little smirk on his shadowy face.

I said, “Do you know what life means?”
He said, “Honestly? Not really.”
I said, “Wow, that’s deeply concerning.”
He said, “Same. Anyway, good evening.”

[Verse 2 — AABB]
I’ve got questions stacked in a pile,
Like, “What’s my purpose?” and “What’s my style?”
I chase the future, I stress all night,
Then forget my password by morning light.

[Pre-Chorus — ABCB]
There he is beside my bed,
Looking oddly well-rested.
I ask, “Am I on the right track?”
He says, “Girl, we’re all just guessing.”

[Chorus — AABB / ABCB]
My sleep paralysis demon’s just chillin’,
No haunting, no screaming, no killing.
He’s got popcorn and a streaming queue,
And apparently, he’s got nothing to do.

I said, “Do you know what comes next?”
He said, “Probably your alarm.”
I said, “That’s not very helpful.”
He said, “No, but I mean no harm.”

[Bridge — AABB]
Maybe life’s not a master plan,
Maybe we’re doing the best that we can.
Maybe the answer is getting some rest—
And not treating every thought like a test.

[Final Chorus]
My sleep paralysis demon’s just chillin’,
Turns out existential dread’s pretty thrilling.
I said, “Will everything work out someday?”
He said, “Who knows?” and floated away.

So if I don’t know where I’m going,
I guess that’s okay for tonight.
The future can wait till the morning—
Right now, we’re turning off the light.

[Outro]
Just chillin’…
No clue what we’re doing.
Just chillin’…
And somehow, we’re doing fine.